hello good today I bring you the unboxing of
canon 100 of the ios 100 that ends
to go out a little bit on September
of 2013 more or less has come out and nothing
basically it is for you to see what there is
inside the camera and in another video os
I will do a review and in another video I will do
a comparison with the 700 and also
with the 600 that I have here so
nothing
let's go up a bit this
and nothing the first thing we see are
the manual for the new objective
that brings an objective s tm is more
silent and perfect to record what is
the one I 'm using now with some
700 a cd with a canon program for
edit photographs
brings us
the manuals in Spanish and in
Portuguese
among other
and it seems to me that inside brings another cd
good brings two cds because this must be
like the 711 drivers jones de
software
and nothing but we will continue
here he tells us to make the most of
rays and others
and already inside the box
true
we already have the belt the belt is a
strap different from the 700 's
have if the focus
let's go camarita
about the seal
it's different since that's not stitched that
is
the letters are a sticker is not
sewing for those who are
used to have the 600 500 and
the rest
this is blank stitching and this is not
all painted
let's continue
here we have the battery charger
it's a different battery than 600 a
500 and others is not that of 8
now I teach here we have the usb cable
around here we have the goal that what
we will see now
and here we will have
the new battery that told you
I'm going to show you how it is
because it's different is like 9 o'clock
700 and the 600 but does not have up the
pin
it's squared
we have here the power cord
in the charger
on that side there is no more and on this side
there is only the camera the box on one side
and the camera we have here
it's smaller
at first sight at first sight is more
little are not we right now
but good adapts and fits well
I will make a radio to you also and here
we will have
the new goal stm
what is exactly the same as that of
600 of the 700
but good and you get the review of and
nothing this is all it brings in the box
I hope I have followed you and help
that you see the videos of the review
a greeting